update http to https (#99)
Esri/nearby-android: RELEASE.md

# Release 1.0.8

> - Updates doc to avoid all use of `http:`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updates project to favor the use of secured `https` rather than `http`
```

Author: updated
